Add support to filter the entity clients generated (sdp, k8s and git clients) (#252)
appgate/sdp-operator: README.md

For the list of available Helm parameters, please go to [Helm Values](doc/values.md)

# Advanced Usage
## Configuring what entities to sync
The SDP Operator supports different of ways of specifying what to sync and how:

>  1. Configuring what tags to sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Configuring what entity tags to sync
```

 2. Configuring what entity types to sync

Note that both can be used together.

### Configuring what tags to sync
We can specify what tags the operator will work on via the environemnt variable `APPGATE_OPERATOR_TARGET_TAGS`. This variable supports a list of tags (separated by comma) to sync. This means that entities that have any of those tags will be managed by the operator.

Example:

``` shell
APPGATE_OPERATOR_TARGET_TAGS="devops,dev"
```

With that environemnt variable defined the operator will only modify or delete entities that any of the tags devops or dev (ot both at the same time).

> We can also specify explicitly that we don't want to manage entities with specific tags. This can be done with the environemnt variable `APPGATE_OPERATOR_EXCLUDE_TAGS`. Entities with any of the tags listed there won't be modified or deleted.

Reviewer: Can you add a sentence to clarify what takes precedence between target tags and exclude tags.
What happens if an entity is tagged with both a target tag and an excluded tag, will it be excluded?

### Configuring what entity types to sync

> We saw how to use tags to decide what entities the operator should manage. In some occasions we don't want to load entities of some specific kind at all. To achive that we have 2 more environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We saw how to use tags to decide what entities the operator should manage. In some occasions we don't want to load entities of some specific type at all. To achieve that we have 2 more environment variables:
```

>  - `APPGATE_OPERATOR_INCLUDE_ENTITIES` :: list of entity kinds we want to manage

Reviewer: May be better to stick to either kind or type in the docs.
